feat(changelog): sql-databases-added-serverless-sql-database-is-availabl 2023-12-08 (#2512)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/december2023/2023-12-08-sql-databases-added-serverless-sql-database-is-availabl.mdx

---
title: Serverless SQL Database is available in Public Beta
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #serverless-db-beta channel on Slack] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-db-beta channel on Slack.'
```

    url: 'https://scaleway-community.slack.com/archives/C04PZAWKE3Z'
date: 2023-12-08
category: serverless
product: sql-databases
---

> Scaleway’s Serverless SQL Database allows you to store and query data using PostgreSQL engine, while benefiting from autoscalability, automated backups and complete integration with Scaleway Serverless ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway’s Serverless SQL Database allows you to store and query data using PostgreSQL engine, while benefiting from auto scalability, automated backups and complete integration with Scaleway Serverless ecosystem.
```
